all right what's going on dudes no boom
here back with another minecraft let's
play video what's up my no boom platoon
where you're playing the herobrine a
start of my new series I'm so excited oh
my good oh cool I almost felt that would
have been close to that would have been
a bad start to the series but it's not
gonna be a bad start it's gonna be a
good start okay so um today this is the
hero Brian if you don't know how it
works basically it's like this so um
there's a herobrine and there's a bunch
of normal citizens players not really
sure what he's likely to call them but
whatever just non here but it's okay
they're pure Brian your brain I don't
even know how to pronounce it but all I
know is I'm gonna hear a win um so
basically there's the urban and the here
Brian I prefer here Brian and there's
the non so what normal players have to
do is they have to take down the
herobrine and the way that you weaken
the herobrine will easily take it down
is you collect shards now shards are
shown through this char detector is that
the direction so the person who grabs
the shard you can see with a pink name
okay survivors that's what they call
survivors the herobrine is invisible and
you can only really see them from this
black um not really sure it's like a
black that's like a little black cloud
now this map I find especially hard
because the here bring just knock you
off out of it so it's pretty hard but
don't worry guys don't worry we're gonna
we're gonna win this all right um now
right now we're waiting for the shard to
respawn and when it does respond ringing
you straight through with this compass
so Oh char despond and it's this way
let's go guys now Oh someone's already
got it okay master puzzle has it mr.
puzzle sorry um we're gonna have to do
is we have to follow him and guard him
with a knife not really actually if you
get stack I'm just gonna run but you
know whatever it helps to help still
look confident right confidence is key
just like boom I mean not boom no gosh
no so once the third shard is captured
what happens is herobrine turns visible
I don't know what that guy is doing is
he AFK or just being a battery right I
don't know anyone die yet nope yeah well
yep some people have died from the urban
I don't really know how cuz I haven't
even seen him yet I need to come with a
way to pronounce that so I'm not
pronouncing it differently every time
but herobrine pretty much is how i
pronounce it so the air brian i'm not
really sure where it is so we'll find it
though it's absolutely no problem um
okay I'm just gonna walk around this
place around the map and Sprint's around
and hope to see is ok so we die from it
there's no no nobody no gosh oh I'm
gonna shoot it I have a bow dang it I
know where it is oh gosh oh no it's
going after guy with the shard oh no I'm
poison help me Mommy guys no get the guy
with the shard not me don't touch me you
got a shard right there brick huh oh my
goodness I'm poison I've got it oh he
runs human that means he's visible
bruising
where is he let's find him we're gonna
find him and basically once it turns
visible he just looks like the visible
normal you're right other years I'll try
and get a shot him before he dies there
is CM over that it's just a normal
herobrine skin and they show his name is
here by a blue and he's just like the
normal Steve skin with white eyes his
normally or minus I don't think you that
you can damage your teammates at all and
here Brian gets a lot of cool stuff
there's a lot more to this game than
really exactly i'll explain it but I'll
try and remember to post some
instructions in the video or not really
I guess the best way oh we won we won
guys that was a good win that was a good
win alright but for luminous in took him
out alright so thanks for watching I'm
in the hive lobby so I I'll put the IP
for this and how you can play the
herobrine more easily and just watch out
for next step so guys thanks for
watching and have a great day oh by the
way to enlist in the no boom but do and
simply subscribe there's only about like
18 of us right now but we're gonna grow
oh no it 16 maybe I don't know we're
gonna grow guys we're gonna grow
you